It's becoming hard to sleep.
I gotta secret haunting me.
It's impossible to keep.
What I've I done or could I do
would tell myself to tell you
on my hiding place?
Stashed... faraway.
If I got walls that're made of bricks,
I am locked up to see you good.
Cause,
you keep it.
If it's become a risk,
what I've I done or could I do
would tell myself to breath through
on my hiding place?
Stashed... faraway.
If I got walls that're made of bricks,
I am locked up see you good.
Cause,
you keep it.
When I'm keeping a secret and it is taking me
to far off place no body comes to see.
When your holy thing
that's hovering out of me
is deafening silence and secrecy.
When I'm deep in a secret
and it's killing me,
and my punctured hole that
leads nose how to leak,
and my heart is howling but never speaks.
How could you even know me,
from my hiding place?